doc: post 1.9.0 doc update (#6905)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: All the Zephyr commits in the below git commands must be handled specially after each upmerge and each NCS release.

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``45ef0d2``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

For the list of upstream Zephyr commits (not including cherry-picked commits) incorporated into nRF Connect SDK since the most recent release, run the following command from the :file:`ncs/zephyr` repository (after running ``west update``):

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline 45ef0d2 ^zephyr-v2.7.0

For the list of nRF Connect SDK specific commits, including commits cherry-picked from upstream, run:

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline manifest-rev ^45ef0d2

> The current nRF Connect SDK main branch is based on revision ``45ef0d2`` of Zephyr, which is located between v2.7.0 and v3.0.0 of Zephyr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current |NCS| main branch is based on revision ``45ef0d2`` of Zephyr, which is located between v2.7.0 and v3.0.0 of Zephyr.
```
